Add docs for maximised widgets labs feature (#19628)
vector-im/element-web: docs/labs.md

Bug reports, feature requests, etc are not currently accepted for this feature flag. A later stage of
development will provide opportunities for feedback.

## Maximised widgets (`feature_maximised_widgets`) [In Development]

> Maximised widgets provide a room layout in which a widget is (temporarly) the primary focus of the room. The whole chat area is than used for the widget. The chat is moved into the right panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maximised widgets provide a room layout in which a widget is (temporarily) the primary focus of the room. The whole chat area is then used for the widget. The chat is moved into the right panel.
```

Author: Thanks !!
